[CI:DOCS] Add image not found info to troubleshooting (#17683)
containers/podman: troubleshooting.md

#### Symptom

After verifying that an image is in place either locally or on a remote repository, a Podman command
referencing that image will fail in a manner like:
```
# ls Containerfile
FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8-minimal:latest
MAINTAINER Podman Community
USER root

# podman build .
STEP 1/2: FROM registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8-minimal
Trying to pull registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8-minimal:latest...
Getting image source signatures
Checking if image destination supports signatures
Copying blob a6577091999b done
Copying config abb1ba1bce done
Writing manifest to image destination
Storing signatures
Error: error creating build container: error locating pulled image "registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8-minimal:latest" name in containers storage: registry.access.redhat.com/ubi8-minimal:latest: image not known
```

#### Solution
The general cause for this is a timing issue.  To make Podman commands as
efficient as possible, read and write locks are only established for critical
sections within the code.  When pulling an image from a repository, a copy of
that image is first written to local storage using a write lock.  This lock is

> released before the image is then acquired/read.  If a second user does a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
released before the image is then acquired/read.  If a another process executes a
```

To not give the impression of it being a multi-tenancy problem.

> harmful command such as `podman system prune –all` or `podman system reset`
> or `podman rmi –all`, between the time the image is written and before the
> first process can acquire it, this type of `image not known` error can arise.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
harmful command such as `podman system prune --all` or `podman system reset`
or `podman rmi --all`, between the time the image is written and before the
first process can acquire it, this type of `image not known` error can arise.
```
small nit but these things cause problems when copy pasting

Author: Thanks for the eagle eye @Luap99 , that's exactly what happened, I wrote this up in google docs first and the cut/paste wiped out the extra dash.  @vrothberg thanks for yours too, I'll touch up both shortly.
